But why must you come so straggled to go to the gate of the magnitude?
Why must you threaten to die even with an open heart?
If you kill Koharu, your wings will be taut.
I'd love to be risked my life.
I need your help my lord for no other in아
...then you can kill yourself.
Makoto, what shall I do?
I'm going to show you my love for you for the first time.
So, you're the one who showed me that Bushinjyu?
Yes.
I'll take care of it.
I'm so embarrassed that I don't know what to do.
Please don't kill me.
I'll help you.
I'll give you half of my money.
But I don't care.
I don't care about money.
I'll give you half of my money.
But I don't care.
I'm surprised.
I'll give you half of my money.
Why are you doing this?
I'll tell you the truth later.
I've been ready to give you half of my money.
But I don't care.
I'll show you my love for you.
I'm surprised.
I'll give you half of my money.
But I don't care.